Holiday Fashion Trends that Will Make You Feel Like A Glam Queen.

When we think about getting dressed for holiday parties, the task can seem daunting. Our goal is to feel totally glamorous, but if that sequined dress comes a 
little too short and those old party heels have a rhinestone missing, well then, what are you to do? We curated a list of the eight most tasteful trends worth 
shopping to make 2018 Winter evenings out worth your while. Invest in at least two of these no-brainer looks, and you will actually turn quite a few heads when
you walk through the door (no, we are not just saying that). Scroll for the breakdown, and make sure you have enough battery life to snap a picture on your 
phone. You will want to look back on the nights when you were wearing these clothes.

A New Delia Collection Is Here

We might be decades away from the Delia heydey, but a new collection suggests otherwise. Online retailer Dolls Kill just announced a new collection inspired by 
the iconic 90s brand with a penchant for funky font &#65533; for example, dELiA. Consisting of 70 products, Delia by Dolls Kill includes light-wash denim, wacky 
platform shoes, and so many rainbow-, butterfly-, and sunflower-printed clothing items. Prices range from $18 to $88, and the collection will be available online
 at Dolls Kill while items last. If you miss out on this first range, however, Dolls Kill is already planning on dropping additional Delia collections in the 
 coming year. Browse the entire nostalgia-inducing collection ahead.

A+ Dresses Meghan Markle Packed For Her Australian
Tour

Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have officially completed their first royal tour as husband and wife! After touching down in Australia on Oct. 14, Meghan debuted her growing belly in style as she and Harry met with Governor General Sir Peter Cosgrove and his wife, Lady Cosgrove, at Admiralty House in Sydney. The couple were joined by representatives from Harry Invictus Games, and Meghan was positively glowing in a white dress, while Harry looked dapper in a navy suit. After arriving in Sydney, Harry and Meghan got all glammed up and stepped out together for the Geographic Society Awards. Meghan looked stunning in a black and white gown, while Harry cut a suave figure in a navy suit. 
The pair enjoyed the final day of the Invictus Games by attending the wheelchair basketball final at the Quaycentre and delivered their own inspiring speeches at 
the closing. They departed Sydney Sunday morning, and headed for New Zealand. On Oct. 29, the couple visited Courtnay Creative, where guests were dressed in an 
array of costumes, before they attended the unveiling of The Queen Commonwealth Canopy in Redvale the following day. Meghan and Harry kept things casual in jeans 
and matching rain boots, while they played "welly wanging" along with a group of local children. Later, the couple made an outfit change and visited the Pillars 
charity, which supports children who have an incarcerated parent, and attended a reception for young leaders hosted by the prime minister. Oct. 31 marked the end
 of Harry and Meghan tour, and the couple kicked off their last day by stepping out in traditional cloaks at a powhiri and luncheon at Te Papaiouru Marae in 
 Rotorua. They later named kiwi chicks at the National Kiwi Hatchery and visited Redwoods Tree Walk.
